the Falcon mm ax easy da so is a
high-performance wide-body
transcontinental business jet with a
great reputation it's quick with a
maximum cruise speed of 482 knots or Mac
decimal 86 and with six passengers as an
impressive still air range 3,800
nautical miles at Mac decimal eight that
makes it ideal for transatlantic trips
and Beyond London to New York into wind
or New York to st. Petersburg are within
reach by adding elect winglets you can
stretch that range by another couple
hundred miles to four thousand nautical
miles if needed to Pratt & Whitney
engines supply seven thousand pounds of
thrust aside for the 2,000 X allowing it
to climb to 41,000 feet in just 21
minutes at maximum takeoff weight it has
a maximum ceiling of 47,000 feet in this
respect as with most areas of its
performance it outclasses its
competitors this particular aircraft is
superbly equipped with around three
million dollars worth of extras they had
an extensive interior refit by the
manufacturer recently and presents
immaculately throughout taking a look
inside the Falcon 2000 is really
impressive its spacious cabin is 26 feet
long seven and a half feet wide and as
Headroom is six foot two this one has
seating for 10 passengers four seats in
a double Club arrangement four seats in
a dining conference group with a further
two seats opposite at the rear of the
cabin is a spacious washroom the
numerous extras on this aircraft include
a SATCOM which not only provides data
for the cockpit and two satellite phones
with cordless handsets but can also
provide high-speed wireless internet
access for the passengers in-flight
passenger information is provided by an
advanced jet map system and individual
passengers can listen to music or select
a film of their choice from two DVDs or
one of the hundreds of films on the
Apple TV film libraries if that isn't
enough choice you could always plug in
an iPod or even a games console the
widescreen bulkhead monitor is
supplemented by four personal video
displays which can be put in any of
eight locations all controlled by either
remote control or the bespoke cabin
control system comfortable passenger
seats recline swivel or even make up
birth of all beds individual seats have
reading lights beautifully constructed
tables individual blinds multiple power
sockets and personal monitors so whether
you want to rest play or work this
configuration is superbly arranged the
full service galley is equipped with a
warming oven microwave and a plumbed
coffee machine hot and cold water are on
tap and there's plenty of storage for
crockery drinks ice and in-flight food a
third crew jump seat in the cockpit is
ideal for carrying a flight attendant to
provide first-class service to
passengers but without compromising
their privacy the luggage compartment
can be accessed externally but has the
added convenience of being accessible
through the washroom
it offers tremendous space and can
easily accommodate ten people's baggage
and golf bags there's also additional
externally access storage for such
things as skis or mountain bikes
undoubtedly one of the best features of
the aircraft is Falcons fabulous easy
Honeywell cockpit its makers describe it
as a quantum leap forward in safety and
simplicity and from a pilot's
perspective it really doesn't get much
better than this for added safety and
convenience additional features on this
particular aircraft include head-up
display triple IRS a third VHF audio a
flight deck printer and Jefferson charts
the Falcon 2000 x ez is a great aircraft
in every respect and we feel that it's
billed as NASA
are totally justified in describing is
having the comfort and range of a large
aircraft and the fuel efficiency and
agility of a small one